Give me 99 seconds and I'll make you
dangerously good at AI. Weak prompts
create weak outputs. Every single prompt
should have four things. Roll. Tell AI
who to think like the context. Give it
the details of your situation. Command.
Be crystal clear on what you want and
format. [music] Describe exactly how you
want it to look. When you finally get
the perfect output, ask AI to write a
system prompt so you can recreate it.
basically the specific instructions to
get that result over and over and over.
[music]
By the way, that is the IP of the
future. Next, you need a master prompt,
your digital ID, a document with your
roles, preferences, situation, and
context. [music]
Tell AI to ask you all the questions you
need to create one. Answer those, save
them as a PDF, and upload it before
every interaction to make all the
responses specific to you. The future
belongs to AI natives. People who build
entire AI first workflows that allow
them to do [music] 10 times more, 10
times better, 10 times faster. That
being said, your biggest competitive
advantage is being human. Because
there's three things that AI will never
be able to do. One, taste. Refine it.
Learn to identify quality stuff versus
[music] dog Two, vision. See a
future that doesn't exist yet, [music]
but should. And three, care. At the end
of the day, you need to be a director
and let AI be the doer. It's way easier
to edit AI's work than it is to create
everything from scratch. But to do that,
you need to learn how to use AI. How?
Ask it. Ask AI to teach you. Practice.
Stack AI onto habits you already do. And
if you do that, you'll be [music] an
absolute killer with AI in no time.